docs: flank-scripts ops package organization (#1583)
Flank/flank: docs/flank-scripts/ops_structure.md

### Flank-scripts ops package structure

Flank-scripts `ops` packages mostly match `cli` structure, however, for widely used function there is a separate package
called `common`.
For better code organization `updatebinaries` has a separate package inside `dependencies`, as well as `jfrog` in
`release` package.

> Ops package structure and file organization is presented on tree below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ops package structure and file organization are presented on the tree below:
```
